JSR 232 Binary RI License from the OSGi Alliance
LIMITED LICENSE AGREEMENT

OSGi Alliance ("OSGi") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE 
TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS LIMITED LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT").  PLEASE 
READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY.  BY SELECTING 
"ACCEPT" AND/OR DOWNLOADING OR USING THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, YOU ACCEPT 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO 
BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS, YOU SHALL NOT DOWNLOAD (IN WHICH CASE SELECT THE 
"DECLINE" BUTTON) NOR USE THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.  

In this Agreement, "You" shall mean the individual accepting this 
Agreement and receiving the Licensed Technology and where such 
individual is receiving Licensed Technology for other than private use, 
the legal entity represented by such individual.  

In this Agreement, "Licensed Technology" shall mean Reference 
Implementation of the Java Specification Request (JSR) 232 for J2ME in 
binary code form.  

(c) Copyright 2000-2006 OSGi Alliance
All rights reserved.

1. NOTICE: LIMITED LICENSE GRANTS

1.1 The Licensed Technology and all intellectual property rights 
relating thereto are owned solely by OSGi and/or its Members or 
licensors and the Licensed Technology is protected by copyright and may 
be protected by one or more U.S.  patents, foreign patents, or pending 
applications.  Except as provided under the following license, no part 
of the Licensed Technology may be transferred, distributed or given to 
any third party, reproduced, copied, exported, sublicensed, rented, 
leased, amended, modified, reverse engineered, disassembled or used in 
any form by any means without the prior written authorization of OSGi.  
Any use of the Licensed Technology and the information described therein 
will be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  

1.2 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, OSGi hereby 
grants you a fully-paid, non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, 
limited license (without the right to sublicense) under the intellectual 
property rights licensable by OSGi to use the Licensed Technology 
internally only for the purposes of evaluation, testing the Licensed 
Technology and developing Your proprietary applications and/or software 
products.  

1.3 Except as expressly set forth in this license, You acquire no right, 
title or interest in or to the Licensed Technology or any other 
intellectual property licensable by OSGi or its Members and no other 
rights are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise.  

1.4 This Agreement is effective from the date of your acceptance of 
these terms in accordance with the instructions provided above 
("Effective Date") and the term of this Agreement is a period of four 
(4) months from the said Effective Date.  You may terminate this 
Agreement at any time by permanently deleting, destroying, at Your own 
costs, the Licensed Technology all backup copies, and all related 
materials provided by OSGi (if any).  Your rights automatically and 
immediately terminate without notice from OSGi if You fail to comply 
with any provision of this Agreement.  Upon termination, You must 
destroy the Licensed Technology.  Sections 2, 3, 4, 7, and 11 shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement.  

2. TRADEMARKS

2.1 OSGi is a registered trademark of OSGi Alliance.  OSGi Alliance 
product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of the OSGi 
Alliance.  Your access to this License Technology shall not be construed 
as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right 
to use any marks appearing in the Licensed Technology without the prior 
written consent of OSGi or if such mark is owned by an OSGi Member or 
licensor, such OSGi Member or licensor.  No right, title, or interest in 
or to any trademarks, service marks, or trade names of any third 
parties, is granted hereunder.  

2.2 You shall not be allowed to remove any of the copyright statements 
or disclaimers or other proprietary notices contained in the Licensed 
Technology and You are obliged to include the copyright statement and 
the disclaimers, if any, in any copies of the Licensed Technology You 
make.  

2.3 For clarity, no right, title, or interest in or to any trademarks, 
service marks, or trade names of Sun or Sun's licensors, is granted 
hereunder.  Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Java, J2ME, the Java 
Coffee Cup logo, and all Java-based marks are trademarks of Sun 
Microsystems, Inc.  in the U.S.  and other countries.  

3. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

3.1 THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND IS EXPERIMENTAL AND 
MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS OR DEFICIENCIES WHICH CANNOT OR WILL NOT BE 
CORRECTED BY OSGI.  OSGI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT 
THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY 
PURPOSE OR THAT ANY EVALUATION, PRACTICE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH 
CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADE 
SECRETS OR OTHER RIGHTS.  THERE IS NO WARRANTY BY OSGI OR BY ANY OTHER 
PARTY THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY WILL MEET 
YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY WILL 
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.  YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK 
FOR THE SELECTION OF THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED 
RESULTS AND FOR THE INSTALLATION, USE OF THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY AND 
RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM.  

4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

4.1 TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OSGI OR ITS 
MEMBERS or LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, LOST REVENUE, PROFITS OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, 
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, EVEN IF OSGI AND/OR ITS 
MEMBERS AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES.  

4.2 Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, 
or the limitation for consequential damages, so Section 4.1 may not 
apply to You in whole, but in such case Section 4.1 will apply to You to 
the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  

4.3 You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend OSGi and its Members 
and licensors from any claims based on your use of the Licensed 
Technology for any purposes other than those of internal evaluation, and 
from any claims that later versions or releases of any Licensed 
Technology furnished to you are incompatible with the Licensed 
Technology provided to you under this license.  

5. RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

5.1 Note to U.S.  Government Users.  The Licensed Technology is a 
"Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R.  2.  101, 
consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer 
Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.  12.212 or 
48 C.F.R.  227.7202, as applicable.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R.  12.212 
or 48 C.F.R.  227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the 
Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S.  
Government end users a) only as Commercial Items and b) with only those 
rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and 
conditions herein.  Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws 
of the United States.  

6. REPORT

6.1 You may wish to report any ambiguities, inconsistencies or 
inaccuracies you may find in connection with your evaluation of the 
Licensed Technology ("Feedback").  To the extent that you provide OSGi 
with any Feedback, you hereby: (i) agree that such Feedback is provided 
on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis, and (ii) grant OSGi and 
its Members a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up, 
irrevocable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple 
levels of sublicensees, to incorporate, disclose, and use without 
limitation the Feedback for any purpose related to the Licensed 
Technology and future versions, implementations, and test suites 
thereof.  

7. CONFIDENTIALITY 

7.1 The Licensed Technology is OSGi's confidential information and You 
shall be obliged to keep the Licensed Technology as strictly 
confidential and not to disclose it to third parties without prior 
written approval by OSGi.  You agree to protect the Licensed Technology 
with the same degree of care that You use to secure and protect Your own 
confidential and proprietary information.  

8. EXPORT CONTROL

8.1 You shall follow all export control laws and regulations relating to 
the Licensed Technology.  

9. TECHNICAL SUPPORT

9.1 OSGi has no obligation to furnish You with technical support unless 
separately agreed in writing between You and OSGi.  

10. NOTICES

10.1 All notices shall be delivered to:

JSR 232 RI Support
OSGi Alliance 
Bishop Ranch 6 
2400 Camino Ramon, Suite 375 
San Ramon, CA 94583 USA
E-mail Subject: JSR 232 Support
E-mail: help@osgi.org
 
11. APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
You agree to comply with applicable export laws and regulations.

No other rights or licenses are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise. 

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under 
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of 
the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action 
by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum 
extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.  

Your rights under this Agreement shall terminate if you fail to comply 
with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and do 
not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming 
aware of such noncompliance.  If all your rights under this Agreement 
terminate, you agree to cease use of the Software immediately.  

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California and 
the intellectual property laws of the United States of America.  No 
party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement 
more than one year after the cause of action arose.  Each party waives 
its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.  

This Agreement is the only understanding and agreement we have with 
respect to the Software.  It supersedes all other communications, 
understandings or agreements (oral or written) that we may have had with 
respect to the Software prior to this Agreement.  Only a written 
agreement signed by both of us can modify this Agreement.  
