OSGi Compliance Tests License, V 1.0 released as the TCK for JSR 232 

This Compliance Tests License Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on 
the Effective Date by and between 

_____________________________________________________ (insert licensee 
details) ("Licensee"), and 

The OSGi Alliance, Inc., Bishop Ranch 6, 2400 Camino Ramon, Suite 375, San 
Ramon, CA 94583, USA, ("OSGi").  

Licensee and OSGi shall be referred to herein as Party or Parties.  

"Specification" shall be those portions of the OSGi adopted specifications 
or standards which are referenced by the relevant Java Specification 
Request ("JSR") final output as being required for compliance with such 
JSR, as such may be updated from time to time by the JSR Specification 
Lead.  

"Compliance Tests" shall be those OSGi Compliance Tests (including 
software and documentation) that test compliance with the Specification as 
identified by the final output of the relevant JSR, as such may be updated 
from time to time by the JSR Specification Lead.  

License Grant  

You are hereby granted a non-transferable and non-sublicenseable, 
nonexclusive, world-wide license to use the Compliance Tests solely for 
the purpose of testing compliance of any software with the Specification.  
You may not modify or create derivative works of any of the Compliance 
Tests except as is necessary to fulfill the purpose described above.  You 
may not distribute copies of the Compliance Tests to other parties for any 
purpose, including for the purpose of allowing such other party to use the 
Compliance Tests, provided however that any license granted hereunder 
shall cover your subcontractors when performing work for you.  You shall 
be fully responsible and liable for your subcontractors' compliance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  You may not modify or 
incorporate the Compliance Tests into any other software.  

Charges and Term
 
The cost for this license is $50,000 USD for a term of 3 years from the 
receipt of payment, payable against an invoice to be issued by OSGi.  

Testing on behalf of Third Parties
 
During the license term the licensee may use the Compliance Tests to 
certify compatibility of Third Party implementations of the specification.  
For each Third Party the licensee tests on behalf of, an additional 
$50,000 USD payment must be made to the OSGi as described in the terms 
above.  The Licensee assumes responsibility to ensure that the Third Party 
implementation meets the compatibility requirements.  

No Warranties

The Compliance Tests contained herein is provided on an "AS IS" basis and 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this material is 
provided AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, and the developers of this material 
hereby disclaim all other warranties and conditions, either express, 
implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if any) implied 
warranties, duties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness for a 
particular purpose, of accuracy or completeness of responses, of results, 
of workmanlike effort, of lack of viruses, and of lack of negligence.  
ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET 
POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD 
TO THIS MATERIAL.  

Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL THE OSGi ALLIANCE, ITS MEMBERS, ANY AUTHOR, DEVELOPER, 
LICENSOR, OR DISTRIBUTOR OF THIS MATERIAL BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR 
THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF 
USE, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
PUNITIVE, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT RELATING 
TO THIS MATERIAL, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAD ADVANCE NOTICE OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  

Covenant Not to Assert

As a material condition to this license you hereby agree, to the extent 
that you have any patents which cover the use of the Compliance Tests in 
any manner permitted under this License, not to assert, for the licensed 
use of the Compliance Tests, any such patents against the developers or 
distributors of the Compliance Tests, or the OSGi Alliance, its members, 
or any other parties who have entered into a license substantially similar 
to this Agreement.  


Compatibility Claims

You may not claim that any version or release of software passes the 
Compliance Tests, and therefore is compatible with the Specification, 
unless it is capable of passing the most current version of the Compliance 
Tests available 1 year prior to the date of the first shipment of the 
software to customers.  In addition, you may not claim that any version or 
release of software is compatible with any specific OSGi Specification 
unless such Software or derivative works is capable of passing the OSGi's 
Specification compatibility testing requirements, as defined by the OSGi 
Alliance.  You agree to make information available regarding the version 
of the Compliance Tests passed, upon request.  You agree that any claims 
regarding compliance with the Specification will be factually accurate and 
will not be misleading.  

General

No other rights are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under 
applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by 
the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent 
necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.  

Your rights under this Agreement shall terminate if you fail to comply 
with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and do not 
cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of 
such noncompliance.  If your rights under this Agreement terminate, you 
agree to cease use of the Compliance Tests immediately and cease making 
any claims of compatibility regarding the Specification based on the use 
of the Compliance Tests.  

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California and the 
intellectual property laws of the United States of America.  No party to 
this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than 
one year after the cause of action arose.  Each party waives its rights to 
a jury trial in any resulting litigation.  

(INSERT LICENSEE)				The OSGi ALLIANCE
						 

By:  ____________________			By:   ___________________

Name:__________________				Name:  _________________

Title: ___________________ 			Title:  __________________

Effective Date: ___________________				


EXHIBIT A

The "SOFTWARE" to which this license applies is the Compliance Tests.  
